Here is the translation of Carl’s Obituary:
Carl Hartwig was born on the 16 March 1876, in Straub, Russia. After much instruction, he was confirmed in the year 1891. He entered in holy marriage with Katharina Roth in 1901. Seven children came from this marriage, of which two died before their father. Brother Hartwig came to America in 1902. First he lived in Fresno, but since 1915, he lived in the country (it doesn’t say where). He has been sickly for the last nine years and the last six weeks, he was deathly ill. The end came for him on Wednesday, the fifteenth of January, at 64 years, 9 months, and 29 days old. He was a hard worker and a true father. Mourning for him are his wife, two sons, Carl and Henry, three daughters, Kathrine, Minnie, and Marie, one sister, Margaret Benzler, and many friends. In the Cross Church, of which he was a member, the memorial was held. The departed would like to give best wishes (prost) to those still living.

<h3>Fresno Bee The Republican (Fresno, California) 16 Jan 1941 Thursday:</h3>
Carl Hartwig, 64, of Route 7 box 110, a rancher, died late yesterday afternoon in a local hospital following a long illness. He was born in Russia and had
lived in the Fresno district twenty five years. He leaves his widow, Mrs. Katie Hartwig: two sons, Carl Hartwig, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., and Henry Hartwig of
Fresno; three daughters, Katherine Hartwig of Seattle, Wash, and Minnie and Marie Hartwig of Glendale, and a sister, Mrs. Margaret Benzler of Fresno.
Funeral arrangements are under the direction of Rest Haven Mortuary and will be announced later.

Carl migrated from Russia to CA in 1902. He traveled to Liverpool England and left on a ship (the SS Norland) on April 23, 1902 and arrived at the Port of Philadelphia. There were 30 passengers on board. Carl sailed with his wife Anna and Daniel (3 months old). After only 7 days of being on the ship, they lost Daniel on April 30, 1902 and buried him at sea.
Carl’s brother Daniel Hartwig was already in Fresno awaiting their arrival.